Desert Campaign of the Second World War. On 10 October 1941 the 6th
 Infantry Division was re-created as the 70th in an attempt to deceive
  Axis intelligence concerning the strength of the British military in 
  the Middle East. At the Siege of Tobruk, the division relieved the
   mainly Australian garrison, which had been defending the port for 
   almost seven months. Under daily aerial and artillery attacks, the
    division defended the port and conducted nightly offensive patrols 
    against German and Italian positions. Two men from attached units
     were awarded the Victoria Cross for their actions there during 
     Operation Crusader. The division was withdrawn to Egypt for 
     refitting at the end of 1941, then placed in reserve. 
     Desert Campaign of the Second World War. On 10 October 1941 
     the 6th Infantry Division was re-created as the 70th in an attempt to deceive Axis intelligence concerning the strength of the British military in the Middle East. At the Siege of Tobruk, the division relieved the mainly Australian garrison, which had been defending the port for almost seven months. Under daily aerial and artillery attacks, the division defended the port and conducted nightly offensive patrols against German and Italian positions. Two men from attached units were awarded the Victoria Cross for their actions there during Operation Crusader. The division was withdrawn to Egypt for refitting at the end of 1941, then placed in reserve. It was transferred to India when
     console.log("dirname ===>", __dirname);
     Desert Campaign of the Second World War. On 10 October 1941 the 6th Infantry Division was re-created as the 70th in an attempt to deceive Axis intelligence concerning the strength of the British military in the Middle East. At the Siege of Tobruk, the division relieved the mainly Australian garrison, which had been defending the port for almost seven months. Under daily aerial and artillery attacks, the division defended the port and conducted nightly offensive patrols against German and Italian positions. Two men from attached units were awarded the Victoria Cross for their actions there during Operation Crusader. The division was withdrawn to Egypt for refitting at the end of 1941, then placed in reserve. It was transferred to India when Japan entered the war, where it was considered the most 
     Desert Campaign of the Second World War. On 10 October 1941 the 6th Infantry Division was re-created as the 70th in an attempt to deceive Axis intelligence concerning the strength of the British military in the Middle East. At the Siege of Tobruk, the division relieved the mainly Australian garrison, which had been defending the port for almost seven months. Under daily aerial and artillery attacks, the division defended the port and conducted nightly offensive patrols against German and Italian positions. Two men from attached units were awarded the Victoria Cross for their actions there during Operation Crusader. The division was withdrawn to Egypt for refitting at the end of 1941, then placed in reserve. It was transferred to India when Japan entered the war, where it was considered the most 
     Desert Campaign of the Second World War. On 10 October 1941 the 6th Infantry Division was re-created as the 70th in an attempt to deceive Axis intelligence concerning the strength of the British military in the Middle East. At the Siege of Tobruk, the division relieved the mainly Australian garrison, which had been defending the port for almost seven months. Under daily aerial and artillery attacks, the division defended the port and conducted nightly offensive patrols against German and Italian positions. Two men from attached units were awarded the Victoria Cross for their actions there during Operation Crusader. The division was withdrawn to Egypt for refitting at the end of 1941, then placed in reserve. It was transferred to India when Japan entered the war, where it was considered the most 
     Desert Campaign of the Second World War. On 10 October 1941 the 6th Infantry Division was re-created as the 70th in an attempt to deceive Axis intelligence concerning the strength of the British military in the Middle East. At the Siege of Tobruk, the division relieved the mainly Australian garrison, which had been defending the port for almost seven months. Under daily aerial and artillery attacks, the division defended the port and conducted nightly offensive patrols against German and Italian positions. Two men from attached units were awarded the Victoria Cross for their actions there during Operation Crusader. The division was withdrawn to Egypt for refitting at the end of 1941, then placed in reserve. It was transferred to India when Japan entered the war, where it was considered the most 
     